Policy location update (#5933)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-manage-in-organization.md

>

> >Beginning in version 1607, Windows Hello as a convenience PIN is disabled by default on all domain-joined computers. To enable a convenience PIN for Windows 10, version 1607, enable the Group Policy setting **Turn on convenience PIN sign-in**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Beginning in version 1607, Windows Hello as a convenience PIN is disabled by default on all domain-joined computers. To enable a convenience PIN for Windows 10, version 1607, enable the Group Policy setting **Turn on convenience PIN sign-in** found underneath **Computer Configuration** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **System** &gt; **Logon**.
```

>

> > In the AD Server Group Policy, enable **Turn on Convenience pin sign-in** found underneath **Computer Configuration** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **System** &gt; **Logon**.

Reviewer: I would merge this with the previous statement as shown in my suggestion.

Reviewer 2: I could be mistaken, but shouldn't this conversation thread be marked [Outdated] if the line above had been moved (merged) into the previous statement, as suggested?

>
>Use **PIN Complexity** policy settings to manage PINs for Windows Hello for Business.

> >

Reviewer: See my comment below. I don't think should be moved

> Starting with Windows 10, version 1709, the location of the PIN complexity section of the Group Policy is: **Computer Configuration** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **System** &gt; **PIN Complexity**.

 
## Group Policy settings for Windows Hello for Business

> The following table lists the Group Policy settings that you can configure for Windows Hello use in your workplace. These policy settings are available in both **User configuration** and **Computer Configuration** under **Policies** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **Windows Components** &gt; **Windows Hello for Business**.

Reviewer: The PIN complexity note is more relevant for this section and shouldn't be moved.

> [!NOTE]
> Starting with Windows 10, version 1709, the location of the PIN complexity section of the Group Policy is: **Computer Configuration** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **System** &gt; **PIN Complexity**.

> > In AD Server Group enable **Turn on Convenience pin sign-in** under **Computer Configuration** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **System** &gt; **Logon**.

Reviewer 2: I might be a little bit more concerned than strictly needed about readability/natural language flow. Anyway:
```suggestion
> In the AD Server Group, enable **Turn on Convenience pin sign-in** found underneath **Computer Configuration** &gt; **Administrative Templates** &gt; **System** &gt; **Logon**.
```
